the second epistle of Paul the Apostle
to Timothy chapter 1 Paul an apostle of
Jesus Christ by the will of God
according to the promise of life which
is in Christ Jesus
2 Timothy my dearly beloved son grace
mercy and peace from God the Father and
Christ Jesus our Lord I thank God whom I
serve from my forefathers with pure
conscience but without ceasing
I have remembrance of thee in my prayers
night and day greatly desiring to see
thee being mindful of my tears that I
may be filled with joy
when I call to remembrance the unfeigned
faith that is in me which dwelt first in
my grandmother Lois and thy mother
Eunice and I am persuaded that in thee
also wherefore I put thee in remembrance
that dau stir up the gift of God which
is in thee by the putting out of my
hands for God hath not given us the
spirit of fear but of power and of love
and of a sound mind be not thou
therefore ashamed of the testimony of
our Lord nor of me his prisoner but be
thou partaker of the afflictions of the
Gospel according to the power of God who
hath saved us and called us with an holy
calling not according to our works but
according to his own purpose and grace
which was given us in Christ Jesus
before the world began but is now made
manifest by the appearing of our Savior
Jesus Christ who hath abolished death
and hath brought life and immortality to
light through the gospel were unto I am
appointed a preacher and an apostle and
a teacher of the Gentiles father which
cause I also suffer these things
nevertheless I am not ashamed for I know
whom I have believed and am persuaded
that he is able to keep that which I
have committed unto him against that day
hold fast the form of sound words which
thou hast heard of me in faith and love
which is in Christ Jesus
that good thing which was committed unto
thee keep by the Holy Ghost which
dwelleth in us this thou knowest that
all they which are in Asia be turned
away from me of whom are fabulous and
homogeneous the Lord give mercy under
the house of honest if eres for he off
to refreshed
and was not ashamed of my chain but when
he was in Rome he sought me out very
diligently and found me the Lord grant
unto him that he may find mercy of the
Lord in that day and in how many things
he ministered unto me at Ephesus thou
knowest very well